README.md, before:

# webp-loader

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/kavu/webp-loader.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/kavu/webp-loader)

[WebP](https://developers.google.com/speed/webp/) image loader & converter loader for Webpack.

## Install

```sh
npm install webp-loader --save-dev
```

## Usage

Here is the example of using `webp-loader` along with common [file-loader](https://github.com/webpack/file-loader):

```javascript
loaders: [
  {
    test: /\.(jpe?g|png)$/i,
    loaders: [
      'file-loader',
      'webp-loader'
    ]
  }
]
```

Unfortunately, if you wish to pass an options for internal [imagemin-webp](https://github.com/imagemin/imagemin-webp) you should pass a options in JSON form:

```javascript
loaders: [
  {
    test: /\.(jpe?g|png)$/i,
    loaders: [
      'file-loader',
      'webp-loader?{quality: 13}'
    ]
  }
]
```

Normally you don't want to convert all of your images to WebP format, you just want to make alternate versions. You can use [multi-loader](https://github.com/webpack-contrib/multi-loader) to achieve it:

```javascript
loaders: [
  {
    test: /\.(jpe?g|png)$/i,
    loader: multi(
      'file-loader?name=[name].[ext].webp!webp-loader?{quality: 95}'
      'file-loader?name=[name].[ext]',
    )
  },
]
```

## Options

For all possible options please visit "API" section of the official [imagemin-webp README](https://github.com/imagemin/imagemin-webp#imageminwebpoptions).

## Inspiration

`webp-loader` is heavily inspired by [tcoopman/image-webpack-loader](https://github.com/tcoopman/image-webpack-loader).

## License

[MIT](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

Commit message:

feat!: change imagemin-webp plugin to @mole-inc/imagemin-webp

README.md, after:

# webp-loader

[WebP](https://developers.google.com/speed/webp/) image loader & converter loader for Webpack.

## Install

```sh
npm install @mole-inc/webp-loader --save-dev
```

## Usage

Here is the example of using `webp-loader` along with common [file-loader](https://github.com/webpack/file-loader):

```javascript
loaders: [
  {
    test: /\.(jpe?g|png)$/i,
    loaders: [
      'file-loader',
      '@mole-inc/webp-loader'
    ]
  }
]
```

Unfortunately, if you wish to pass an options for internal [imagemin-webp](https://github.com/mole-inc/imagemin-webp) you should pass a options in JSON form:

```javascript
loaders: [
  {
    test: /\.(jpe?g|png)$/i,
    loaders: [
      'file-loader',
      '@mole-inc/webp-loader?{quality: 13}'
    ]
  }
]
```

Normally you don't want to convert all of your images to WebP format, you just want to make alternate versions. You can use [multi-loader](https://github.com/webpack-contrib/multi-loader) to achieve it:

```javascript
loaders: [
  {
    test: /\.(jpe?g|png)$/i,
    loader: multi(
      'file-loader?name=[name].[ext].webp!webp-loader?{quality: 95}'
      'file-loader?name=[name].[ext]',
    )
  },
]
```

## Options

For all possible options please visit "API" section of the official [imagemin-webp README](https://github.com/mole-inc/imagemin-webp#imagenwebpoptions).

## Inspiration

`webp-loader` is heavily inspired by [tcoopman/image-webpack-loader](https://github.com/tcoopman/image-webpack-loader).

## License

This is a fork of [kavu/webp-loader](https://github.com/kavu/webp-loader).

see license file.
